today were checking out the are 4 30
from Samsung check this thing out very
nice 14-inch laptop very a nice
all-purpose general use laptop it has an
incredibly cool pattern on the front you
see here has it's like really cool like
diamond texture and on the inside it's
actually got this almost leather looking
appearance very very nice very nice
specifications great keyboard great
display great trackpad it's the perfect
size it's not too big not too small it's
14-inch so it's kind of an in-between
size between the smaller laptops and
larger ones now let's talk a little of
the specs first of all T 6600 that's a
2.26 gigahertz dual-core Intel processor
it's got a full four gigabytes of ddr2
memory it's got a 320 gigabyte hard
drive a full DVD dual layer RW Drive
it's got just about everything you could
possibly need n draft wireless you know
it's got an Ethernet ports got HDMI it's
got it all let's take a quick tour and
start you off on the far left-hand side
over here where you're going to see the
AC power adapter the 10 100 Ethernet
this is your VGA port your HDMI which is
actually backed by the GMA 4500 mhd
chipset so that will do 1080p possible
to channel audio you have two USB 2.0
ports and then you have your input and
output for your headset and your
microphone in the front not too much
going on but we do have a couple of
indicator lights up here capslock hard
to have activity light Wi-Fi this is the
restore and this is power also important
to note this is a awesome awesome
multi-touch capable trackpad so
basically if you want to pinch to zoom
two finger scroll or even rotate images
by doing that kind of gesture it will do
all of those with that multi-gesture
trackpad which is very very nice you
also have a five and one media card
reader this will do SD XD sony pro stick
duos etc on the right hand side you will
find the super multi dvd-rw it will do
just about everything including the dual
layer discs which is very very very nice
and that basically rounds out the
package there is one more USB 2.0 port
right there that i missed and also the
little Kensington lock but that
basically is everything the next I'll
draw your attention to the keyboard
really nice keeper one thing I've
noticed lately is a lot of these new
earth in key thin laptops they have a
little bit of flex in the keyboard
especially around the center section not
this one at all very very stiff very
nice keyboard really quick to type on I
like a lot I also like the palm rest is
non-glossy there's no gloss anywhere so
you're not going to get fingerprints all
over the power button is in the most you
know typical place where you see it a
lot of people are moving the power
buttons around I say if it's not broke
don't fix it and also let's talk a
little bit about the display it's a
gorgeous display like I said it's 14
inch but it is 720p native so we'll do
high-def it's actually 1366 x 768 so
it's slightly larger than a 720p display
but it will do a full native 720 and
it's led backed so if you don't know
Samson's using their own memory their
own batteries in their own LED LCD
panels on these laptops and that's what
gives them their incredible battery life
this is actually a 6-cell lithium-ion
battery but it runs for 4.2 hours which
is impressive and that's when it comes
preloaded with windows 7 home premium
64-bit and that's basically it also is a
webcam up here at the top no it's pretty
typical and that basically rounds out
your package very very nice the are 4 30
from Samsung I mean gorgeous laptop it
looks great it's good all around her
excellent I recommend it in particular
for college students you know moms feel
that work at home it's not extremely
extremely powerful so it wouldn't be
very good for editing movies but it is
definitely not slow in any way it's easy
600 is quite powerful you know a couple
years ago is top of the line so that's
very good for photoshop running just
about any program I mean any office
program on C will work on here like a
rocket ship you can do just about
anything on it's so very very good
all-around laptop for general computing
if you have any questions on it feel
free to email me and I'll see you guys
next time for more information on the
samsung r 4 30 14 is laptop type in s203
1400 5 into any major search engine
you